this past month has been pretty busy for
me started the month off still
recovering from my MCL injury just
taking it easy got a chance to go to New
York City for some really really cool
publicity stuff I got to go to New York
and go on The Today Show with Bobby
Brown and Carrie Herman and slide a rail
right there and downtown New York in
front of you know Matt Lauer and Al
Roker and all those guys on the Today
Show so it was cool to get to introduce
you know our sport leading up to Sochi
Olympics to introduce slopestyle skiing
to the to the mass population of the US
spend a couple days in New York actually
got stuck in New York City because of
the big blizzard Nemo that came through
and it was a great you know great little
downtime got to see the city a little
bit and hang out enjoy some time in the
Big Apple
after that kind of stuck to the East
Coast and did a lot of driving around
the East Coast with Kyle Decker
Timmy chess a John ware and Eric sale
and we did a about a week and a half of
urban on the East Coast chasing that
storm trying to stack some shots for the
project and yeah it felt good felt good
to be shooting again with Kyle and nice
feeling really solid so I was excited to
gotta be stacking more shots hopefully
putting it together
after that just came back to the park
city and just hung out for a day or two
and right now packing up the car and
heading down to the airport head to
Norway for World Championships and from
there busy month of March with European
X Games couple film trips it's just
gonna get busier and busier crazier and
crazier so looking forward to it